## Thick Mapping

1. What are your thoughts on "thick mapping in the digital humanities," and how does it differ from "mapping?"

After reading the text, I picked up that thick mapping can be confused with many other interpretations of mapping or how data is projected and interpreted. The idea of mapping conveys ideas mainly based on location in order to visualize the data in a fashion where it can be understood in a geo-location perspective. There is also a misconception that the "depth" that thick mapping offers means there is just more data to analyze within mapping. My understanding is that thick mapping does provide a level of depth in mapping rather than surface level mapping where we just navigate different locations; in addition to this, thick mapping emphasizes certain traits or layers of the map creating a priority depth in terms of what is being conveyed to the user. The level of importance that certain elements influence a map and the importance of what elements we want to display to the user. This depth can help user focus on specific causes and effects of a lot of data in a map. There may be a lot of fields in a dataset, but showing all of it may be overwhelming to the user and they can lost easily. Thick mapping provides that focus for the representational purposes. 


2. How does the theory of "thick mapping" inform narratives that are influencing your life?

Thick mapping highlights certain parts of my life in which I may have not have a clue of how, when, where, or why that came about. The idea of HyperCities kind of conveys the Big Brother Ideology of a global time/location map that would map out our whole lives, connecting certain points of my life with edges of influence from many different other points in my life and other people's life. This interconnected web would be the visual representation for all the decisions and moments for our life. This is kind of a web that traces what people call the "butterfly effect" when looking for points of influence.
I think thick mapping tells a much stronger story that utilizes the booming surge in our data driven to its advantage to convey meaningful information from a lot of information. Digital Humanities sprouted from this evolution. Digital Humanities is the crossover between the creative thought that is often left in subjectivity with the definite, objective logic that the digital world offers us. I think many conjectures and connections that the humanities make often get lost in its own words, and thick mapping helps solify those thoughts.
